write: This function is used to write data to a file or a file descriptor.
       It takes three arguments: the file descriptor, a pointer to the buffer
       from where the data is to be written, and the number of bytes to be written.

sigemptyset: This function initializes a signal set to be empty. It's used when we
       want to block certain signals from interrupting a process.

sigaddset: This function adds a specific signal to a signal set.
       It's used to specify which signals we want to block.

sigaction: This function allows the calling process to examine
       and/or specify the action to be associated with a specific signal.
       Essentially, it's used to handle signals sent to a process.

kill:  This function sends a signal to a process or a group of processes.
       It's often used to terminate processes.

getpid: This function returns the process ID of the current process.
        It's often used when creating unique temporary files, or for debugging.

malloc: This function allocates a block of memory of specified size and returns a
        pointer to the beginning of the block. The memory is not initialized.

free: This function deallocates the block of memory that was previously allocated by
      malloc, calloc, realloc, etc. The argument to free should be a pointer that was
      returned by malloc or one of its related functions.

pause: This function causes the calling process to sleep until a signal is received that
       either terminates the process or causes the invocation of a signal-catching function.

sleep: This function suspends 21execution of the calling process for (at least) the number of
       seconds specified via the argument.

usleep: This function suspends execution of the calling thread for (at least) the number of
        microseconds specified by the argument.

exit: This function terminates the calling process and returns the exit status to the operating system.

In your case, SIGUSR1 refers to a signal in C++ that can be used to communicate between processes. 
Signals are a way for processes to send notifications or interrupt each other.


